Add *_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS variables (#396)
wfxr/forgit: README.md

Options can be set via environment variables. They have to be **exported** in
order to be recognized by `forgit`.

For instance:

- if you want to order branches in `gcb` by the last committed date, you could:

```shell
export FORGIT_CHECKOUT_BRANCH_BRANCH_GIT_OPTS='--sort=-committerdate'
```

> - if you want to see a preview of the stashed items in `gss` preview, you could:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if you want to see a overview of the stashed items in `gss` preview, you could:
```

I think __overview__ communicates the options from the example better here, since we already use the term __preview__ for the diff that is being displayed.

> If you want to customize `git`'s behavior within forgit there is a dedicated variable for each forgit command.
> These are passed to the according `git` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to customize `git`'s behavior within forgit are dedicated variables for each forgit command.
These are passed to the according `git` calls.
```

| Command  | Option                                                                       |
|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ga`     | `FORGIT_ADD_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_ADD_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`                         |
| `glo`    | `FORGIT_LOG_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_LOG_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`                         |
| `gd`     | `FORGIT_DIFF_GIT_OPTS`                                                       |
| `grh`    | `FORGIT_RESET_HEAD_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_RESET_HEAD_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`           |
| `gcf`    | `FORGIT_CHECKOUT_FILE_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_CHECKOUT_FILE_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`     |
| `gcb`    | `FORGIT_CHECKOUT_BRANCH_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_CHECKOUT_BRANCH_BRANCH_GIT_OPTS`  |
| `gbd`    | `FORGIT_BRANCH_DELETE_GIT_OPTS`                                              |
| `gct`    | `FORGIT_CHECKOUT_TAG_GIT_OPTS`                                               |
| `gco`    | `FORGIT_CHECKOUT_COMMIT_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_CHECKOUT_COMMIT_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS` |

> | `grc`    | `FORGIT_REVERT_COMMIT_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_REVERT_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`            |

Reviewer: Wondering whether we should go with `FORGIT_REVERT_COMMIT_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS` here. The name is a bit long, but it would be consistent with the existing `FORGIT_REVERT_COMMIT_GIT_OPTS`.

| `gss`    | `FORGIT_STASH_SHOW_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_STASH_SHOW_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`           |
| `gsp`    | `FORGIT_STASH_PUSH_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_STASH_PUSH_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`           |
| `gclean` | `FORGIT_CLEAN_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_CLEAN_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`                     |
| `grb`    | `FORGIT_REBASE_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_FILE_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`                     |
| `gbl`    | `FORGIT_BLAME_GIT_OPTS`                                                      |
| `gfu`    | `FORGIT_FIXUP_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_FILE_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`                      |

> | `gcp`    | `FORGIT_CHERRY_PICK_GIT_OPTS`, `FORGIT_CHERRY_PICK_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS`         |

Reviewer: We should probably note down somewhere which git commands the `*_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS` are used with to let people know which arguments they can use, e.g. it might not be obvious to everyone that `FORGIT_LOG_PREVIEW_GIT_OPTS` is used with `git show`. Might also make sense to break this out into a separate table if it does not fit into this one.
